Include missing files in datastack; object-oriented datastack archiving (#2594)
natcap/invest: HISTORY.rst

  architectures, particularly on conda-forge.  This should also speed up
  the operation of ``setup.py``.
  (`#2630 <https://github.com/natcap/invest/issues/2630>`_)

> * Fixed a bug in datastack archiving that affected HRA. Refactored some

Reviewer: What about something a bit more specific, like:
```suggestion
* Fixed a bug that prevented non-spatial files referenced in CSVs from being added to datastack archives. Refactored some
```
And then if we want to mention HRA specifically, should that be in the HRA section?
